cli: add support for forcing use of react development when building (#25675)
backstage/backstage: .changeset/little-bulldogs-guess.md

---
'@backstage/cli': patch
---

> Add ability to force use of the development versions of `react` and `react-dom`
> to allow for detailed error messages and use of fast-refresh. Note that builds
> with the development versions of `react` and `react-dom` should not be
> deployed in production.
> 
> This feature can be used by setting the `FORCE_REACT_DEVELOPMENT` environment
> variable to `true`:
> 
> ```bash
> EXPERIMENTAL_MODULE_FEDERATION=true \
> FORCE_REACT_DEVELOPMENT=true \
> yarn build:all
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The experimental module federation build now has the ability to force the use of development versions of `react` and `react-dom` by setting the `FORCE_REACT_DEVELOPMENT` flag.
```

Looking to keep this a little bit shorter to take up less space in the changelogs. This is still very experimental so I think it's best to not draw too much attention to it to minimize the risk of confusion.
